# About Me

I eat bits for breakfast. **1's and 0's** course through my veins. Jokes aside, I was the kid who discovered the thrill of staring into the abyss of the DOS prompt before typing `WIN` to launch Windows 3.1. I later installed Linux on the home PC, much to everyone else's dismay. As the internet started to come of age in the late 90's, my mom gave me a book on HTML ... and the rest is history. Throughout all the things I've done in my life so far, tech has always been at my core. If you care to take a deeper dive, check <a href="https://medium.com/@spikeburton/hello-world-d3e75f8ef4fd" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">this</a> out.

These days I'm a proponent of writing clean, semantic code with a focus on accessibility and mobile-first user experience. Innovation and creativity are what drive me. Unsurprisingly, my academic background in mathematics and my experiences writing dance music are what lead me back to programming. I've previously blogged about my concurrent interests in writing code and electronic music production, which you can read more about <a href="https://medium.com/@spikeburton/how-producing-electronic-music-helped-me-learn-to-write-code-c9cbcf8fe887" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">here</a>.

When I'm not glued to my screen, you can find me out on the ATL beltline or at a local brewery. I am currently enjoying the vibrant city life that Atlanta has to offer, and feel fortunate enough to have grown into adulthood right in the middle of it all. I love blogging, and some of my writing has been published in The Startup and tweeted by <a href="https://www.getpostman.com/" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">Postman</a>. I also really enjoy connecting with people in the community through meetups and tech talks.

My current interest in tools and languages is trending toward **Node/React**, **Go**, and going serverless in the cloud with **Amazon Web Services**. The service that powers the blog for this site is an AWS Lambda function built in Node which forwards data from my Medium account, while the site itself is constructed with GatsbyJS.

Please **[reach out](mailto:spikeburton@icloud.com)** if you'd like to talk! I am currently seeking new opportunities and would love to speak with you. I am always down to get coffee and shoot the breeze about music, culture, the tech space in general, and video games that I used to be good at but probably suck at now.
